Small improvements for spikeinterface-gui (#270)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/viewers.rst

Viewers
=======

> There are several way to plot signals (raw, preprocessed) and spikes.
> 
> 1. Internaly you can use `spikeinterface.widgets` submodule.
>    This create figure with matplotlib and so can be embeded in jupyter notebook.
> 2. You can view simple `recording` and `sorting` objects with ephyviewer
> 3. You can use `spikeinterface-gui`
> 4. You can use `phy`
> 
> 
> spikeinterface.widgets
> ----------------------
> 
> The easiest way is to use this module for plotting.
> Many examples are in this  tutorial :ref:`_sphx_glr_modules_widgets`.
> 
> ephyviewer
> ----------
> 
> `ephyviewer <https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/ephyviewer>`_ is a custumisable viewer that can 
> mix several views togother : signals, spikes, events, video.
> 
> spikeinterface objects (`recording` and `sorting`) can be used directly in ephyviewer with few lines.
> 
> See this `example <https://ephyviewer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html#viewers-for-spikeinterface-objects>`_
> 
> Author: Samuel Garcia
> 
> spikeinterface-gui
> ------------------
> 
> `spikeinterface-gui <https://github.com/SpikeInterface/spikeinterface-gui>`_ is a local desktop application
> which is build on top of spikeinterface.
> 
> It is the easiest, fastest way to inspect interactivelly a sorting output.
> 
> Install and launch take 2 min.
> 
> Authors: Jeffrey Gill and Samuel Garcia
> 
> phy
> ---
> 
> `phy <https://github.com/cortex-lab/phy>`_ is the de-facto standard tools for manual curation of a sorting output.
> 
> The drawback of phy : the dataset (include filtered signals and **all** waveforms of spikes) have to be copy in a
> sperate folder and this is very time consuming and disk-space-eater.
> 
> Author : Cyril Rossant
> 
> sortingview (work-in-progress)
> ------------------------------
> 
> `sortingview <https://github.com/magland/sortingview>`_ is a web based engine to display output of a sorter.
> 
> It is work-in-progress and is based on the old API of spikeinterface. So it cannot be used with the current version.
> 
> 
> Authors : Jeremy Magland and Jeff Soules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to plot signals (raw, preprocessed) and spikes.

1. Internally, you can use `spikeinterface.widgets` submodule.
   This creates figures with matplotlib and can be embedded in jupyter notebooks.
2. You can view simple `recording` and `sorting` objects with `ephyviewer`
3. You can use  the`spikeinterface-gui`
4. You can use the `phy` software

spikeinterface.widgets
----------------------

The easiest way to visualize `spikeinterface` objects is to use the `widgets` module for plotting.
You can find many examples in this  tutorial :ref:`_sphx_glr_modules_widgets`.

ephyviewer
----------

`ephyviewer <https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/ephyviewer>`_ is a custumisable viewer that can 
mix several views togother: signals, spikes, events, video.

`spikeinterface` objects (`recording` and `sorting`) can be loaded directly in `ephyviewer` with a few lines of code.

See this `example <https://ephyviewer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html#viewers-for-spikeinterface-objects>`_.

Author: Samuel Garcia

spikeinterface-gui
------------------

`spikeinterface-gui <https://github.com/SpikeInterface/spikeinterface-gui>`_ is a local desktop application
which is built on top of spikeinterface.

It is the easiest, fastest way to inspect interactively a spike sorting output.

It's easy to install and ready to use!

Authors: Jeffrey Gill and Samuel Garcia

phy
---

`phy <https://github.com/cortex-lab/phy>`_ is the de-facto standard tool for manual curation of a sorting output.

The current drawback of `phy` is that the dataset (including filtered signals and **all** waveforms of spikes) has to be copied in a separate folder and this is very time consuming process and occupies a lot of disk space.

Author : Cyril Rossant

sortingview (work-in-progress)
-------------------------------

`sortingview <https://github.com/magland/sortingview>`_ is a web-based engine to display the output of a sorter.

It is work-in-progress and is still based on the old `spikeinterface` API  (version<0.90), so currently it cannot be readily used with the current version.

Authors : Jeremy Magland and Jeff Soules
```
